if there is one word that defines modern
time it's wireless
we cut the cord on the phone unplug the
internet cable program new TVs with
Wi-Fi and pay tolls with small
windshield transmitters radio waves are
everywhere
now this a wireless hotel room key
radiofrequency technologies orlando's
Peabody Resort is steeped in tradition
its signature duct and icon of her rich
history get behind the front desk this
historic hotels a trendsetter using new
next generation wireless keys she just
wave it in front of it like a magic wand
and the door magically opens for you the
card in the door share information
through thin air guests just have to get
close to open the door it's much more
secure there is no ability to be able to
duplicate that car it's proof everything
is going Wireless but not everyone's
wild about the wireless frontier it's a
privacy nightmare
Walt August dinner with is the guy who
warned us that new wireless credit cards
like the ones with this logo are easily
hatch and there's your MasterCard number
he rigged up a portable scanner and when
he got near people's wallets Walt could
read their credit card numbers that's
actually your Amex probably an Amex blue
now Walt says he's found an even bigger
breach he says thieves don't need a
scanner anymore and they don't even need
to be anywhere near you to steal a
credit card number from a wireless card
house that cell phones
there's an antenna behind here certain
new phones contain something called NFC
Near Field Communication the app it
makes your phone your wallet it's the
innovation behind services like Google
Wallet with Google Wallet you can pay
with your phone it stores account
numbers then transmits them to cash
registers on demand you lock Google
Wallet with a pin so it's more secure
than a physical law but Walt's twisted
the technology put this over
and that's how you pay he's figured out
that when there's a phone with NFC near
a wireless credit card the phone can
secretly pull account numbers one makes
the other completely dangerous yes your
phone could be stealing your credit card
number a hacker can pull off the heist
by remote lazy but lucrative
pickpocketing it'll actually scan the
credit card and secretly send off the
data to an email address anywhere in the
world an infected phone could really go
to work in a crowd the screen could be
blank but in the background the virus is
scanning for credit card numbers you've
got mail you're gonna have a person on
the other end
watching their email box just fill up
the credit card information without ever
having to get near you be in a world
away even more alarming is how easily
hackers could infiltrate our phones Walt
worries we could unknowingly grant them
access in an app say a tempting new game
is free so you're Snagit but what you've
really installed is a credit card
stealing virus on your phone from the
minute they downloaded it whether they
played it or not it's sitting there
looking for these credit cards for all
the convenience and wonder of wireless
technology Walt says this is the
downside having to keep up with crooks
so he recommends exchanging Wireless
credit cards for old-fashioned one and
for cellular users downloading what he
has virus protection on your phone on my
phone yeah I have a smart phone it's
it's a mini computer right now there are
322 million
cellular phones in use in the US but
only a sliver of the wireless population
carries the protection of virus software
if Walt's right the rest might be
leaving a virtual playground for
criminals wide open anywhere where you
store your personal information they're
going to be looking to get in Chris
Kamara Fox 13 News